Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Local residents are complaining
that our land purchase will force
more coyotes into neighborhoods.
Find out who the swing votes are. and
donate to the ngos they're associated with.
Understood.
I wish kiwis had more crunch.
Next matter is regarding our
partnership dispute with Seoul university.
Just threaten
to cut all funding.
They can't strong-arm us.
If the korean pear and
kiwi could be combined…
That'd be delicious. no?
Yes. that could
be very delicious.
Now. the final
matter is regarding...
The death at trochos.
What now?
The police are continuing
to ask questions.
Everyone we've bribed
is remaining silent. but...
the police will reach out
to eunice and woosh soon.
That's fine.
They don't know anything.
No need to worry.
I mean. I wasn't either when
they didn't know anything. but...
Once the authorities
reach out...
eunice or woosh could look into
the ongoing payments out of the club.
This is such a headache!
The whole reason I remarried
was because he was fun.
Someone to eat with.
To travel with. That's all.
Since we can't open any
shell companies at the moment.
we need to establish a legitimate
cash flow between the club and trochos.
If I wanted drama...
I would have stayed
with my first husband.
I was considering woosh's
medical tourism packages.
We could offer a
similar program.
officially sanctioned
by the country club...
I'll say it again...
the more clean money flowing
between the club and trochos. the better.
Woosh will hate that...
Okay. So we are agreed
that we sell the house.
and we each get our portion
of the down payment back.
Adjusted for inflation.
And whatever profit
we get. we split it 50-50.
- Easy.
- Great.
Done.
And then. we agree
that I will be the sole custodian
of burberry going forward.
I do want you to reconsider
naming him that… but yes.
Thank you for the feedback.
You're welcome.
Great. we are
flying through this.
I'm just so glad we
can be mature about it.
Okay. so should we.
talk about the announcement?
I've drafted up a post.
Did you?
Yeah. it's just a…
just a rough draft.
You don't wanna wait
until things are finalized?
What's the rush?
It's been a month since we decided.
We need to let people know at some point.
- Can you just read it?
- Yep.
I… I kept it super vague.
just… trials and triumphs.
We're still each
other's biggest fans.
Please respect our
privacy at this time.
No.
You have to pick a new photo.
The caption's awful as well.
Okay. Just. pick a photo.
and tell me what to post.
Did you sign your
contract extension yet?
No. I told you.
Park's going back and
forth with the language still.
That's convenient.
What does… what does
that mean? Convenient?
I'm not the one that's
delaying it. She is. okay?
Okay.
Don't fuck me over. Josh.
I'm not gonna fuck
you over. Jesus.
What?
Nothing.
You just look different.
So cumulatively speaking.
we actually owe $27.802.
How is that even possible?
Well. the hospital was out of
network. so we have to cover half.
The urgent care bill
has a late fee on it.
And while we're
here. just to say it.
your parking tickets
are going into collections.
Are there any
subscriptions we can cancel?
There's that app we signed up
for to help us with our finances.
Yeah. yeah. cancel
that. Cancel everything.
Okay.
So it's 27.795 now.
Thank god I started
working full-time.
We're never gonna
be able to afford ivf.
That was a train. right?
Felt a little earthquakey.
Why aren't you more
upset about this?
Don't you care
about having a baby?
Of course I care. ash.
I'm just wondering if maybe we
should save up first for food. water?
The brita filter's lived
here longer than we have.
Okay. well. I'll steal some
waters at the club tomorrow.
I mean. I don't know.
Maybe this is the universe. like.
telling us to slow down. you know?
We're not even married yet.
I still want to. of course.
We can get married at the
courthouse. We can do that anytime.
Babe. why are we
rushing everything?
I'm not.
This is just all part
of being an adult.
I'm just trying to make sure
I can give us what we need.
Yeah. but let's
take our time with it
and. like. enjoy
our lives. you know?
I mean. we haven't even been
down to the beach once this month.
I know. you're right.
We can go Sunday.
I guess I just…
I kind of feel like it'll
all go away if we don't.
and I know that's stupid.
It's not stupid.
You're just stressed.
Can I do our daily check early?
Of course.
I know this is unhealthy. but it
really does help me so much.
I get it. I gotta
earn that trust back.
Who the fuck is 415…
Wait. it's doordash.
Sorry.
Okay. So as we continue to
build out the wellness center.
we'll be temporarily using the
pro shop to sell trochos products.
Members can sign up for procedures
at the Seoul clinic with any employee.
and for each sale. you'll be
entitled to a 10% commission.
Just saw Calvin perk up.
You know it. I need that money.
Yeah.
You and me both.
Calvin. You and me both.
So for any questions. just
go ahead and ask woosh.
who is running late
again. and he'll set you up.
All right? Let's go out
there and be team mvp.
They want to add a body
composition analyzer there. yeah?
That's correct. yes.
Around how much would that cost?
3k. 5. some go higher.
There's no way
it'd be 75k. right?
You know. Ashley's
really good with numbers
if you need help keeping
track of everything.
That's nice.
Now. why did we
replace the old ellipticals?
Are precors that different
from other brands?
Hey. is everything okay?
Yes. of course.
I just have a lot on
my plate right now.
Look. I know we haven't talked
that much since the hospital.
but it's not 'cause
I don't care.
Ashley's gone through a lot this
past month. so I gotta focus on her.
But if you ever wanna
talk about anything.
you can always hit me up.
Anytime.
Before dinner.
And maybe in.
like. a public setting.
No.
I'm okay. honestly.
I think that's all
the questions I had.
What the hell is this?
Lindsay!
- My god. Hi!
- Hey!
I can't believe she's 6.
Where does the time go?
It's so good to see you. We
didn't know you were coming.
Well. grace's birthday is
on my calendar every year.
I just wanted to make
up for missing the last few.
Well. thank you so much.
You should put this in the shade.
It's gonna start expanding in the heat.
Okay.
Well. it is so good to see you.
Food and drinks are right over there.
She looks amazing.
Sorry. just… Meredith.
I had a quick question.
Hypothetically. if a couple
was getting divorced.
and one of them was
up for a promotion.
how does that work if the
paperwork isn't signed yet?
My god!
Jimmy!
It doesn't look like
Lindsay liked that.
Everyone is in charge of
their own body. remember?
I'm so sorry.
He's grown so much. It's…
Well. when's his birthday?
Gotta get that in the calendar.
You don't need to do that.
I should actually go
grab that snake from him.
Sorry. so just real quick.
So in that
hypothetical scenario.
can the wife be entitled
to future earnings
if she helped foster the
relationships that led to the promotion?
It depends on a lot of things.
When they separated.
the nature of the contract…
California courts typically
don't split future wages.
Right. Well. my. friend
Penelope is getting divorced.
It's really sad.
And she said that chatgpt said
that she could prove
her contributions in court.
I should get going. It
was so great to see...
sorry. just real… last
thing. I promise. …
Sorry. Penelope had a few more
questions. I just wrote a little list.
I guess. just. you know.
is there anything else
that she could possibly
do to help her cause?
She might be able to get a hold of
an incriminating video of her husband.
It's a bit complicated…
If Penelope wants to chat more.
she can set a time for my office.
Penelope's a little tight on money. so
just to ask it. what's your rate again?
- Jimmy. it's such a fun game!
- No! No!
What do you need. sweetie?
I want her to go on
the bounce house!
I don't know about that. I'm...
please?
Sorry for the delay. fellas. That
eucalyptus mist should kick in now.
And lunches are comped on me.
Appreciate you. Josh.
- You're the man. Troy.
- Hey. Josh!
I heard Lindsay stopped
by Gracie's birthday.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Sorry. who's…
who's that speaking?
It's Paul.
Yes. Paul. Of course. yeah.
I didn't realize Lindsay
was stopping by.
Yeah. Meredith told me your friend
Penelope's looking for a divorce lawyer.
Man. why didn't you come
straight to me? You know I got you.
Yeah! Sorry. yeah. I
should've done that.
Hey. your friend should
get a move on it though.
Paul and Meredith book up fast.
I got stuck with fucking
Fred on my divorce.
The sooner you
get going. the better.
Whoever secretly switches
offense first gets a huge leg up.
It sounds like things could get
contentious with this husband's promotion.
Wow. Cool. yeah. Sounds like Lindsay
really gave her the full download?
Have Penelope
send that video too.
Sorry. who's…
who's speaking now?
- Bro. it's Billy.
- My bad.
What exactly did Lindsay
share about the video?
Not… not much. Let's chat after.
We're ruining the steam sesh.
Yeah. sure.
- Whoa. Hey.
- Sorry about that… yep.
- Watch your back. bro.
- No. my bad. My bad. Okay.
- Love you. Josh.
- Sorry. fellas.
For a limited time only.
you could upgrade to the
luxury recovery suite for $2.000.
My god. You're such a twat.
I don't care about the cost.
This was my idea. Now the
entire staff's getting in on it.
You think I like this? I'm
getting fucked over too.
I don't understand. I
thought Dr. Kim was retiring.
Yeah. I don't know. They
must've hired someone new.
The chairwoman
doesn't tell me shit.
I should've just
stayed in Seoul.
The food here sucks.
I'm getting fat.
Fucking lasagna every day.
Yeah.
I can see it in your jowls.
Ashley!
- Hi!
Hi! There you are!
I got you a little…
little present.
What?
I never got the chance to thank
you for helping me look for burberry.
You didn't have to do
that. I… I wanted to help.
- I'm so sorry again for what happened.
- Thanks.
It was just so generous
of you to come out like that.
And after your surgery.
How are you? You all right?
I've been meaning to check in.
Yeah. I'm great.
All healed up. Things are great.
I'm so glad. Here. Open it.
Okay.
Aw.
… thank you!
It's a golf outfit.
Yeah. thank you!
Have you played golf before?
Here and there with my dad.
You should brush up
'cause Ava's always looking for
women to play with at the club here.
Fun!
Wh… why?
Why! So last time. you know.
we were talking about how you
were worried about fertility and stuff.
Yeah.
- Wow. thank you for remembering.
- My god. of course.
You know. I just want
to help however I can.
And. you know. Ava's cousin is. like.
literally the best ob-gyn in the country.
Really?
And you think she could help me?
Dr. Aliabadi. no problem.
She literally gets. like.
all the celebrities pregnant.
That's so kind of you. I…
- I don't even know what to say.
- No. I don't need to see that. Save it.
I'm gonna teach you how to
work the women at the club here.
You just have to
follow my lead. okay?
Yeah. okay. I can do that.
- I guess I'll do anything at this point.
- Come right this way.
Hug?
Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- You're so welcome.
Crazy.
It's a work in progress.
but this will be our
state-of-the-art wellness center.
Yeah. Can I reserve
the whole space?
I don't need leaked pictures
getting out there of my rehab process.
Of course. no.
You know. the person to
answer all these questions is
our very own on-site physical therapist.
Austin Davis. that I told you about.
Wow. Suni.
Come on over here.
It's an honor.
You were incredible
at the Paris Olympics.
Thank you. So Josh says that you'll
work with my team to get me right for la.
Yeah. I mean. it
depends. What ails you?
Well. nobody's been
able to figure out why.
but I feel a slight pinch in my
ql and my psoas when I do this.
Psoas. ql. I see.
Yeah. I think I know what it is.
but. you know. if not
me. I'm sure we can find
some great physical
therapists in the area.
No. Austin's being humble.
He's helped so many members out.
and he alone is worth the membership.
Yeah. you're
sweating like crazy.
Yes. I run hot due to my
high basal metabolic rate.
Yeah. you know what? Why
don't we get you over to the sauna.
and. we'll have an attendant
there waiting for you.
All right. Nice to meet you.
Austin. Better get me that gold.
Turn that cold plunge into a gold
plunge. You know what I mean?
- How you doing. man? You okay?
- Yeah. No. I'm good. Yeah.
No. I'm just… just a huge fan.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
A lot of titans coming
through here. you know?
Hey. I got awestruck
too when I first started out.
so you're doing great.
- Thanks. man.
- Yeah.
I was thinking we haven't had a chance
to really spend much time together.
so I thought. "why
don't we do a session?"
Yeah?
Okay.
- Yeah. anytime.
- Okay.
Did you wanna do it
here at the club. or…
Why don't you come
to my place tomorrow?
We'll see what you can do and.
you know. spend some time together.
Fo sho. Can't wait.
Okay. great.
I was listening to this one
episode of Dr. Aliabadi's podcast.
and she literally helped a
couple in our exact situation.
- They have twins now. Isn't that crazy?
- Wow. Twins.
Fuck.
That'd be amazing. right?
We could name ours
augie and Ashton.
I thought we were
gonna take things slow.
We can't pass this up.
People literally wait
years to be seen by her.
How expensive is this gonna be?
They have payment plans.
And I'm gonna start signing people
up for the trochos packages too.
So. basically. I gotta
start working more.
What is that supposed to mean?
I'm just saying. manipulating
women to fuck up their faces isn't. like.
something you're
supposed to be good at.
Well. Lindsay's gonna help me.
Do you not hear
yourself right now?
I thought you'd be
excited about this.
So what's Lindsay's angle?
What is she getting out of all this?
What do you mean? She just
wants to help us out. She's nice.
Since when?
Since always.
She was telling me today how
she spent her whole inheritance
on his mom's medical bills.
And in return. he.
like. totally shut her out.
Literally. he moved
out of their bedroom.
They only had sex once all last year
because he's. like. addicted to OnlyFans.
It's disgusting.
She told you all that?
Yeah. It's so nice to. like. finally
have a real friend at the club.
Well. I'm sure there's
two sides to their story.
What would be his side?
"I'm a fucking perv"? The end?
I don't know.
Maybe he doesn't know
how to express how he feels.
Maybe he doesn't
know what he feels.
and all he longs for is for
someone to help him process things.
"All he longs for"? Why
are you talking like that?
I'm just trying to put
myself in his shoes.
Some people come from
certain upbringings that can. like.
stunt their communication
skills or whatever.
And if they're scared of how
the other person might react.
they can. like…
shut down and stuff.
Okay. well. all I can
go off of is what I know.
And what I know of Josh is bad.
That's fine.
But I will say this.
From the outside.
we look bad.
We blackmailed
for your promotion.
We forged my pt license.
I'm learning how to rehab one
of the greatest athletes of all time
from chatgpt.
No. yeah. I hear you.
Are you okay? What's wrong?
Yeah. No. just still
hurts from the surgery.
- Can you get me the heating pad?
- Of course.
And a cup of tea?
Yeah. You just sit and
relax. I'll take care of you.
- Chamomile in the big mug?
- Yeah!
That's fucking stupid.
Hey.
Can we talk?
Yeah.
So I heard you went
and saw Meredith.
Yeah. Just went to ask
some… hypothetical questions.
Yeah. I heard all
about the questions.
Look. I'm in a vulnerable position.
Josh. I'm allowed to ask questions.
No. you're entitled to a lawyer.
As am I.
And you're entitled to… go and
try to get the video from the kids.
As am I.
So I don't wanna argue.
I just wanna let you know
that I did file the petition
for divorce with the court.
And I had Meredith and Paul
draft up the terms that we discussed.
So all you need to do is
sign the waiver of service.
and we can get all
this over with quickly.
Well. I'm not signing that
until you've signed
your contract extension.
Well then.
I prefer to discuss
that with our lawyers.
Are you fucking kidding me?
No.
Is this really how you
wanna end things?
I prefer that we discuss
this through our lawyers.
Wow.
You selfish piece of shit.
- Are you done?
- No.
Do you know how fucking boring
it's been being married to you?
Do you know how bored I am?
"I'm gonna fuck every
guy over 5'9" at the club.
I'm gonna fuck Billy!
I'm gonna fuck Dan!
I'm gonna fuck the
shit out of woosh!
English.
Speak to representative.
Credit card application status.
Credit card
application stat... hi.
- Hi!
- Hi. eunice.
- I'm so sorry to bother.
- My gosh. not at all.
I'm so sorry for not thanking you
for the flowers and the get well card.
This month has just.
like. flown by. you know?
Time is. like. so crazy.
It's okay. I'm so glad
you're feeling better.
Gosh. you've gotta take
me shopping sometime.
You always have the best style.
That's so nice of you to say.
I love your style as well.
Yay. shopping date.
Yay!
So what's up?
So I was wondering.
do you happen to
archive old invoices here?
No. that's off-site with finance.
But what are you looking for?
I just wanted to check a few
payments that went out to Korea.
Yeah.
Sorry. you have to go through
finance and get Josh's approval for that.
I see.
So there's nothing at all?
Sorry.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. no. everything's fine.
You know what?
I did take a picture of
some last month. One sec.
I looked up the names. and
they were staff at trochos.
so I figured it was all part of.
like. setting everything up here.
That's so helpful.
Thank you so much.
Here it is.
And please tell Austin
thank you as well
for going over all the
equipment yesterday.
Yeah?
I know you two have so much going
on. so I appreciate you taking the time.
Aw. of course.
You know what? I'm
just now remembering.
I should probably
run this by woosh first.
since he's kind of running point
on all the trochos stuff and whatnot.
Well. you can just send me
the photo. and I can talk to him.
Yeah. no. I'd rather not.
Ooh. I've got to take
this. It's the doctor.
Austin and I are doing ivf.
Hi. doctor.
If you think about it.
the modern workplace has eliminated
most of our rotational movement.
Yeah. I mean. that makes
sense 'cause we sit all day.
- Yep.
- I hadn't thought about that. Thank you.
You're welcome.
So… tell me a little bit
more about yourself. man.
You played football?
- Yeah. at asu.
- All four years?
All right. let's switch
over to the other side.
I got injured in my junior year
after I won the butkus award in 2015.
That's too bad.
- I'm just gonna warn you.
- Yep.
Due to my high basal metabolic
rate. I may sweat on you.
Yeah.
It's all good. man.
So you got injured.
and then you started pursuing
your physical therapy degree?
Your thoracic
spine's pretty rigid.
I tweaked it… a long time ago.
so it's probably holding on to that.
Hey. man. so I hear Lindsay and Ashley
have been spending a lot of time together.
Yeah. she really
appreciates the friendship.
Yeah. that's…
that's really nice.
I was a little surprised 'cause they
don't seem to have much in common.
- I wonder what they even talk about.
- Right.
Like. what do they talk about?
Let me look back here?
Yeah. yeah. go for it.
Get in there. Please.
You know… chronic pain
is a physical manifestation
of the emotional
interior. they say.
Is that right?
Mind-body connection.
Thank you. Wow.
you're very good.
- Ooh! Very good. yeah.
- Thank you.
Yeah.
Hey. do you know… do you
know anything about cold plunges?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah?
Troy gifted me one a while back.
and I haven't put it together yet.
My god. I can help you
put that together easy.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Let's do it.
Fo sho.
And then Troy took me to napa.
and we had the most magical
meal I've ever had in my life.
My god. that's so romantic.
Right? I don't know what I did
in a past life to get this lucky.
- Shit.
- That's not luck.
It's because she's
such a good person.
I can do this.
I don't think it's luck. Ava.
I think it's 'cause you're
such a good person.
Aw. ash. you're so sweet.
You know what? Fuck it. I'm
just gonna bring the ball up. okay?
My gosh. yeah.
Sand should only belong
on the beach. I always say.
Linds. did you see how everyone's
signing up for those trochos packages?
- You don't think I need it. right?
- My god. no. You look so young.
Yeah… you look
younger than me. even.
Stop. Now I know you're lying.
I mean. I probably
don't need it. Right?
- No. My god. no.
- Definitely not.
Right.
I was thinking. actually.
of signing up myself.
Ashley was gonna
walk me through it later.
You can come along if you want.
Okay. Yeah. I'd just be
curious what it all entails.
Yeah. I mean. you don't need it.
But. you know.
if you're into it.
you can just say you're coming
with me for emotional support.
and no one will ever know.
Ashley will do everything
very discreetly. Right. ash?
Totally. Super discreet.
My god. that would
be so magical.
Well. Ashley needs the double commission.
She's starting ivf with Dr. Shin.
- Dr. Shin?
- Yeah.
I mean. he's the best. right?
Yeah. Dr. Shin. …
Miracle hands is
what they told us.
Well. I don't know who told you that.
but my cousin is the best in the country.
- Did you already start with Dr. Shin?
- No. not yet.
I'll connect you with my
cousin. She'll see you right away.
Fuck!
Yeah. man. It's good
we're finally setting this up.
As a certified physical
therapist. I plunge all the time.
Like. I'm super familiar with all
the benefits and what have you.
Cold's good for the body.
Hot's good as well.
- You can mix it up.
- Yeah.
In which order? Depends on
varying factors that I won't get into now.
At the end of the day.
it's all about information.
Well. this is so
helpful. brother.
- Really. really appreciate it.
- Anytime.
All things wellness.
I'm your guy.
I mean. is there anything
that I can help you out with?
Like. what's going on with you?
No. I'm good.
Just… digging in. Day by day.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
And how are things with Ashley?
Like. is everything…
everything okay on that front?
Everything's great. We're great.
Good.
- Yeah. It's really awesome.
- Yeah.
Well. I know that we all
started off on the wrong foot.
And I'm just so happy that
all that's behind us now. Right?
Yeah. Me too.
Yeah.
I'm just gonna get a few
more things and get out of here.
Yep.
Is this. part of the setup?
Yeah! I forgot about that.
Yeah. Troy gave me
this with the plunge.
Have you… have you
ever heard of bufo?
Bro.
- Are you familiar?
- I'm familiar.
Is it crazy?
Nah. it's chill.
- Really?
- Yeah.
'Cause Troy said it'd cure all of
my neurosis in. like. ten minutes.
Yeah. man. I've seen
it happen in eight.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I mean. I just wouldn't wanna
do it alone. though. you know.
Let me move some things
around. I'm here for you.
- For real?
- For real.
And it's all-inclusive with the
millennial makeover package.
- Right. woosh?
- Yep.
Hey. so this invoice you sent
me was from last month. yeah?
Yeah. eunice said she needed to
check the numbers or something.
so I figured you'd
know what to do with it.
Thanks. Yeah. I know exactly
what to do. I'll be right back.
So what do you think. Ava?
Should I go for the whole package?
Only if you feel comfortable.
Yeah. sleep on it.
You can always
start with one area.
But I will say that most people end
up wishing they did the whole package.
It's such a long flight. right?
You have to pay for the
recovery fee each time.
Exactly.
And are we sure that this
doctor is as good as Dr. Kim?
I mean. some people
say he's even better.
He only does korean
actors and pop stars.
Wow. so cool.
- And Shakira.
- Shakira?
My. And is it business class or
coach? And where do we stay?
The tickets are business class.
And you stay at a five-star hotel.
Wait. what? All that's
included in the package?
Black car service too.
Fine. Let me see this menu.
Okay. I actually
want all of this.
But if anyone ever
finds out. I will kill you.
No one's gonna find out from us.
You're just my emotional support. right?
We're doing a girls'
trip. Troy's paying.
You okay. brother?
Your… your turn. brother.
Bro. I'm gonna hold off for now
'cause I wanna make sure to
guide you to a good place. okay?
Okay.
Any moment now. you
should experience a whiteout
where you disappear
and all that remains is love.
Just take a few more hits
and try to break through. okay?
Okay.
Austin. Austin.
Linds?
It's okay. darling. I love you.
Mama.
It's okay. my boy.
You don't have to try so hard.
I love you.
I love you. no
matter what. mijito.
Mama.
I have to tell you
something. It's very important.
I just saw every woman
that I've ever slept with.
And then my mom became me.
Yeah. man.
That's bufo.
Bufo.
No.
No. it's me.
It's me. I… i…
I did this to myself.
I might have given you
the wrong dose. man.
It's not your fault. okay?
Austin. can I be
honest with you?
I invited you over here
to try to convince you to delete
the backup videos of the fight.
Lindsay and I are
getting divorced.
I'm sorry.
I think we all saw it coming.
I was gonna try to get to
the video before she did.
I thought I could get
it from you on drugs.
It's… it's fucking pathetic.
Damn. that would've worked.
It's just.
I don't know how to
get to the other side.
You know?
I feel like there's just so
much love. like. right there.
But I just… I just can't…
I just can't get there.
A lot of people love you. man.
Everyone at the club loves you.
No. you see. I
grasp at all of that.
I steal it.
I steal all of it
to try and. like. construct
this crutch to prop me up.
You know? 'Cause
I don't… I can't…
I don't even know how to
stand anymore. you know?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah. I'm familiar.
Well. whatever your
achilles heel is. that little spot…
I know you think you've got
time to work on it. and you do.
You actually… you
have a lot of time.
But little by little.
life's just gonna
chip away at it. you know?
And. you know. you'll think.
"okay. well. my shit's not so bad."
You know. it's a
fleeting thought.
a… a little temptation
here and there.
But once I get the job. then
I'm gonna deal with my shit.
But then you've gotta
get the promotion.
Right?
And then you
gotta get the house.
And then every interaction
becomes about me. me. me.
"If I do this for Troy. then
maybe Troy will help me later."
You start thinking that way
because it's the only way to
keep your head above water.
And then when you finally catch a breath.
and you go to stand on your own two feet.
that achilles heel is
just gonna give out.
And you're gonna fall.
And you're gonna grasp
at everyone around you.
But it's too late.
You're going down.
And that fleeting thought…
Is who you are now.
And you're never gonna change.
Have you ever. like.
I don't know.
thought about another girl
while you were with Lindsay?
Brother.
Let's talk.
Never have I ever
slept with a coworker.
What?
- Austin.
- Aw. boring.
… god. at the club?
Right there.
My god.
Josh and I used to literally have
sex on the Polo ground at Coachella.
But he would never
ever. ever at work.
Really?
- Not even once?
- No.
Although. he has caught Troy and
Ava having sex in the swimming pool.
My god.
I guess that adds up.
So. like.
Troy and Ava are… are.
like. happily married?
I mean. yeah. I
don't know. I guess.
I mean. it's easy.
you know. if it's all…
…travel and fancy
events and dinner
and. you know. zero drama
because there's zero substance.
Right.
I don't know. Maybe
they've got the right idea.
Anyway.
you. have
the right doctor now.
And you have a
way to pay for it.
Ooh!
To your… ooh!
…future
baby.
Cheers.
Hey…
Sorry if this is weird. but.
can you tell me why
you're being so nice to me?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
All right. I admit I
did have an agenda.
I thought I needed
something from you.
But I'm realizing that I don't.
And I just want to help
however I can.
No strings attached.
- You sure?
- Yeah. I'm sure.
I feel like we should split
the commissions at least.
No.
You need it for ivf. I'm fine.
Can I ask why you and
Josh never had kids?
Yeah.
No. we did get pregnant once.
But it didn't stick.
- I'm sorry.
- That's all right. It happens.
We've been meaning to try again.
But I think deep down
we probably both knew
it was a temporary band-aid.
Band-aid for what?
For the immense pain of knowing
that you picked the wrong person.
Yeah.
Yeah. in hindsight. there
were just so many signs.
You just think.
"how the fuck did I
not realize this sooner?"
What kind of signs?
My god. so many. like.
the constant
fighting that you saw.
The manipulating for attention.
seeking affection
outside of the relationship.
But that's just normal
ups and downs. right?
I mean. don't people say that
you shouldn't be looking
for the right person.
but actually the
right wrong person?
Someone who's seen you at your
worst and you've seen them at theirs.
but you still wanna stay?
Yeah. maybe.
Or maybe it's just…
That's just something
people tell themselves because
it's too hard to
admit that this thing.
which finally gave your existence
some semblance of meaning.
is just a sham.
'Cause then what?
You know. you're 40 years old
without the faintest
idea of who you are.
Nobody wants that.
You sure you want to
have a baby with Austin?
Yeah. no. I'm sure.
Well. let's sign up
some more women. then.
Cheers.
You're my new best friend. man.
I appreciate the talk. bro.
Yeah. yeah.
- Be kind to yourself. Okay?
- Yeah. Okay.
We're gonna be drawn
in by other frequencies.
- Other people. other women.
- Right.
Just let it be. No judgments.
No interpretations. Just…
It's just Harmony
and dissonance.
Harmony. dissonance.
No. I know. I just
needed to talk it all out.
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna focus on Ashley.
- Thanks.
All right.
Whoo!
What the fuck?
Dismantle…
Fuck.
Hey! You're back.
Sorry. I think you've
mistaken me for someone else.
- Happens all the time.
- No. no. no. no.
I distinctly remember your little
car driving by about a month ago.
What?
I thought to myself. "what
a nice pistachio color."
I even told the Greek guy who lives here.
but he was so upset about his lost dog.
Are you sure it was a fiat?
I'm pretty sure.
I have the ring
footage on my phone.
May I see the footage. miss?
Are you polynesian?
Sure.
Beautiful night tonight.
It's too dry. Bad for my skin.
Your skin looks amazing though.
What do you want to discuss?
I don't have time for this.
Of course.
I just wanted you to know that the
authorities in Seoul have contacted me.
About the patient's
death at trochos.
Why would they contact
you? That's very strange.
I know. I found it odd as well.
I have to get ready for dinner.
Will you help me
with my necklace?
For now. I said I know nothing.
But if there's something
more specific I should say…
There's nothing to say.
That poor woman died
of a pre-existing condition.
Once they find out you've been
bribing trochos staff through the club...
i don't know if
that will suffice.
Your father gave this to me.
He always had great taste.
Great taste in fashion.
but not in women.
You inherited that.
Chairwoman. I appreciate how
you've kept me afloat all these years...
but I feel I can do more in life than
manage the tennis shop and sell skincare.
Perhaps you can offer me
a vp position at pk group?
You...
look more like your
mother than your father.
I've been told that a lot.
At least you have
your father's eyes.
I often wonder...
what my life would have been like
had your father and I stayed together.
But then I wouldn't exist.
I guess that's true.
Also...
then you wouldn't have
been vp at pk electronics.
Let me know when you can start.
Thank you so much. chairwoman.
Okay. I need to get ready now.
Well. we're all getting bigger
but it takes time to be a man.
And it's more than you figure
well. take it slow
and take my hand.
And there's room
at the mountaintop
for everyone in god's plan
so just trust in your brother
let me help you if I can
yeah.
I bet you can't
get what you want
come on. baby. come on. darling.
I bet you can't
get what you need
come on. sugar. and try
and there's faith in the answer
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm